---
layout: page
title: Brand Promotion
---

# Brand Promotion

Create deeper engagement directly with your customers through turning your
physical products into digital ones which can be used as currency to engage
consumers.

## Case Study: Sanitarium Light n Tasty

The Light ‘n’ Tasty On Pack campaign increased sales through all channels whilst
engaging their target audience. The search to find a promotional concept that
could drive repeat sales drove them to develop a campaign using their trackable
mobile POCKETvoucher.

Light ‘n’ Tasty packs had a promotional sticker applied which included a unique
code that could be entered via SMS or through the Light ‘n’ Tasty website. Each
code was given a value which could be accumulated over time and then “cashed in”
as a POCKETvoucher to be spent at a partner retailer. For this promotion Light
‘n’ Tasty approached The Body Shop to be their partner retailer because of a
perceived fit between their target audience and brand values, and due to the
fact that The Body Shop had a good spread of stores throughout New Zealand.
Centrapay managed the integration with the EFTPOS network for validating
vouchers. During the promotional period consumers could continually enter unique
codes from marked Light ‘n’ Tasty packs and were given a running total of their
accumulated value.

At any time, the consumer could respond via SMS the word “CASH” which would then
trigger a POCKETvoucher for their accumulated value to be sent to their mobile
within minutes. This POCKETvoucher could then be redeemed at any The Body Shop
store and consumers could continue to enter codes off marked packs with their
balance starting again at $0.

