---
layout: page
title: Tokens and Payments
---

# Tokens and Payments

Tokenization of assets is disrupting industries.

From art to buildings, the way we invest in assets is about to fundamentally
change. The act of tokenizing assets threatens to disrupt many industries and
those who are not prepared risk being left behind. Centrapay is a leader in the
creation, distribution and payment of digital assets. Here are some use cases
relevant to how our platform could help you evolve your business with our
revolutionary digital asset platform.

## What is tokenization?

The tokenization of assets refers to the process of issuing a blockchain token
that digitally represents a real tradable asset— with a modern twist. These
tokens could represent a share in a company, ownership of a piece of real
estate, or a product deal . These tokens can then be transacted peer to peer and
across the Centrapay acceptance network.

## Product tokenisation

How does a stranger trust a digital voucher, ticket, or product? Usually, it’s
via an intermediary such as a marketplace or bank. We can change that. Using the
same technology, the provides trust to Bitcoin transactions, we can enable
digital versions of your product to be distributed, shared and transacted with
complete trust and confidence. No fraud, no duplication and options to program
your digital product using Smart Contracts.

### ERC20

Want to create a fungible digital asset which can be bought, sold, or traded
peer to peer? Use Centrapay to digitise your goods or services via a smart
contract. Distribute these to any connected app and make payments of digital
assets a breeze by using the Centrapay Merchant Acceptance network.

### ERC721

Want to create a non-fungible digital asset which can be bought, sold, or traded
peer to peer? Use Centrapay to digitise your unique asset, such as art, via a
smart contract. Distribute these to any connected app and make payments of
digital assets a breeze by using the Centrapay Merchant Acceptance network.

### Wineries

Do you have a cellar service for your best products and clients? Is there a
secondary market to trade your wine, where the actual asset stays securely
stored at the winery? Why not create an ERC721 token as a receipt for your
vintage and enable people to transact it in a frictionless way.

### Vouchers / offers – flight disruption

You’re an airline and due to unforeseen circumstances, the flight is delayed.
Don’t make your customers queue for a paper voucher. Use Centrapay’s API’s to
allocate value, a refreshment or voucher directly to your customers in app that
they can redeem in real time via the Centrapay merchant acceptance network.

### Money

Cash money as we know it today started out as a paper receipt for gold stored in
a vault. With Centrapay, you can create a digital receipt (aka token or digital
asset) stored on consumers mobile device which can be shared peer to peer or
transacted via the Centrapay Merchant Acceptance Network.

### Digital Currency

This is a time of change for the Central Bank & global markets as money is
transforming the demand & use of physical cash. New & emerging forms of digital
payments are here to stay & the method in which people pay for things is
changing rapidly. Centrapay supports payment of central bank digital currencies.

## Smart Money

Kids ask for traditional money for lunch and spend it on something else? Build a
platform so parents can easily buy a healthy lunch, send it direct to their kids
mobile and ensure it can be transacted with merchants they approve of.

### Economic stimulus

If the government wants to give citizens money to restart the local economy they
might say ‘we want people to spend the money on local businesses, so overseas
purchases wouldn’t be authorised for the money we hand out. Centrapay makes it
easy to codify smart money so this is possible.

### Digital Food stamps

Govt departments or large enterprise who want to help people in need, can get
significant savings by delivering food stamps digitally to people’s devices and
specifying participating merchants where they can redeem.

### Codified compliance

KYC, AML, CFT mandates are expensive and complex to comply with. Why not codify
compliance directly into your asset or network. Enforce certain transactions to
ensure both parties have been KYC’d (whilst preserving their privacy); ensure
the underlying asset passes source of funds checks (i.e. isn’t from a stolen
wallet) and reduce the risk to your business and customers.

### Loyalty

Points or experiences? Why not both? We make it possible to preserve people’s
privacy whilst providing personalised payment experiences. Overlay
POCKETvouchers as an incentive and help become more preferred than card and as
accepted as cash via Centrapay.

### Advertising Attribution

Media companies have huge audiences and provide great value for advertisers.
With a last mile merchant plumbing we can provide attribution of campaigns. And,
provide rich reporting on transactional data via our point of sale intergration.
